c38 translation update (#119)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/h/list/50_00/personality_voice_c38_02_00/translation.txt

んぅっ、貴方が元気過ぎて……私の方が、先にまいってしまいそうです……=Nnnn, you're way too energetic... I feel as though I'll end up run out of steam first...
全部、飲むこともできるのですよ？　ですが、貴方は見たいのですよね？=I can drink it all too, you know? However, you want to appreciate this sight, don't you?
はい、お疲れ様でした……ふふ、終わりの挨拶には、まだ早いですか？=Alright, great job... fufuh, is it too soon to close it off like that, still?

> （開始時台詞）ふふっ、プールの中でって、本当にエッチなこと考えるわね=Fufuh--, in the pool, you truly do come up with some lewd stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
（開始時台詞）ふふっ、プールの中でって、本当にエッチなこと考えるわね=Fufu, in the pool, you truly do come up with some lewd stuff.
```
or
```suggestion
（開始時台詞）ふふっ、プールの中でって、本当にエッチなこと考えるわね=Fufu--  In the pool, you truly do come up with some lewd stuff.
```

Author: ```suggestion
（開始時台詞）ふふっ、プールの中でって、本当にエッチなこと考えるわね=Fufu-- Doing it in the pool, you truly do come up with quite the lewd stuff sometimes.
```
